en/legal/inactivity-policy.md, before:

---
title: Inactivity Policy
description: ZanReal Labs policy on username squatting, deployment URL squatting, and inactive account management
---

## Username squatting policy

We prohibit account name squatting, and account names may not be inactively held for future use. Inactive accounts may be renamed or removed by our staff at their discretion. Keep in mind that not all activity on ZanReal Labs is publicly visible.

Attempts to sell, buy, or solicit other forms of payment in exchange for account names are prohibited and may result in permanent account suspension.

## Deployment URL squatting policy

We prohibit squatting of free *.zanreal.app domain names, and these domain names may not be inactively held for future use. Inactive registrations may be renamed or removed by our staff at their discretion. Keep in mind that not all activity on ZanReal Labs is publicly visible.

Attempts to sell, buy, or solicit other forms of payment in exchange for deployment URLs are prohibited and may result in permanent account suspension.

## What if a potentially inactive account is using my trademark?

If you believe your trademark rights are being infringed and the account seems inactive, please see our [Trademark Policy](/en/legal/trademark) for additional information.

## Requesting a username or deployment URL

If a username or free *.rscl.it deployment URL you would like to use is being used by another account, you should consider selecting an available variation. In general, adding numbers, underscores, or abbreviations can help you come up with an available alternative. Requests for inactive usernames or URLs can be made using our [contact form](/support). However, we remind you that not all activity on ZanReal Labs is publicly visible and our staff have no obligation to release any name on request.

Commit message:

Add categories and tags to legal documents for improved organization and compliance

en/legal/inactivity-policy.md, after:

---
title: Inactivity Policy
description: ZanReal Labs policy on username squatting, deployment URL squatting, and inactive account management
categories: [Account Management, Platform Policy, User Accounts, Fair Use, Content Management]
---

## Username squatting policy

We prohibit account name squatting, and account names may not be inactively held for future use. Inactive accounts may be renamed or removed by our staff at their discretion. Keep in mind that not all activity on ZanReal Labs is publicly visible.

Attempts to sell, buy, or solicit other forms of payment in exchange for account names are prohibited and may result in permanent account suspension.

## Deployment URL squatting policy

We prohibit squatting of free *.rscl.it domain names, and these domain names may not be inactively held for future use. Inactive registrations may be renamed or removed by our staff at their discretion. Keep in mind that not all activity on ZanReal Labs is publicly visible.

Attempts to sell, buy, or solicit other forms of payment in exchange for deployment URLs are prohibited and may result in permanent account suspension.

## What if a potentially inactive account is using my trademark?

If you believe your trademark rights are being infringed and the account seems inactive, please see our [Trademark Policy](/en/legal/trademark) for additional information.

## Requesting a username or deployment URL

If a username or free *.rscl.it deployment URL you would like to use is being used by another account, you should consider selecting an available variation. In general, adding numbers, underscores, or abbreviations can help you come up with an available alternative. Requests for inactive usernames or URLs can be made using our [contact form](/support). However, we remind you that not all activity on ZanReal Labs is publicly visible and our staff have no obligation to release any name on request.
